You thought I would believe you
Brother, look at my sister, he is fierce, I know he misunderstood me
It's good that even you help him.
I'm leaving now.
Okay, stop acting
Hurry up and go in, I'll go first, bro
Let's go then. OK.
Mr. Gu
Don't get me wrong, it's just my brother
I have nothing to do with you anymore
No need to explain to me
already
It means that he had a relationship with Lin Xuewei before
They bully you.
Nope.
They dare to do this in front of you, it's not called bullying
He's really my brother, you don't have to quibble anymore
Why didn't I know you were so humble before?
You love him so much
Mr. Gu, don't get me wrong
He really is, sister-in-law
My brother is just worried about you.
You still want me to cook Tommy?
He cares for you.
Stop being angry, what are you doing?